Am4zon Glacier service provides low-cost, secure,and durable storage. You can securely upload and download Data to Am4zon Glacier via the SSL-encrypted end-points, and the service automatically encrypts the data using AES-256 and stores it durably in an mutable form.
Data Storage Am4zon S3 provides multile options for protecting data at rest.For customers who prefer to manage their own encryption, they can use client encryption library like the Am4zon S3 Encryption client to encrypt data before uploading to Am4zon S3. 
Am4zon S3 SSE Server Side Encryption .Data is encrypted with a key generated for 4ws OR WITH A KEY YOU SUPPLY, Depending on your requirements .
4ccess Lo6s An Amazon S3 buck3t can be configurated to log access to the bucket and objects within it. The 4ccess Lo6 contains details about each access request including request type, the requested resource , the requestor's IP, and the time and date of the request.When Logging is enabled for a buck3t, log records are periodically aggregated into lo6 files and delivered to the specified 4mazon s3 buck3t.
CROSS-ORIGIN Resource Sharing (CORS)
4WS customers who use Amazon S3 to host static web pages or store objects used by other web pages can load content securely by configuring and 4mazon S3 buck3t to explicitly enable cross-origin requests .modern browsers use the same Origin policy to block JavaScript or HTML5 from allowing requests to load content from another site or domain as a way to help ensure that malicius  content is not loaded from a less reputable source ( such as during cross-site scripting attacks). With the cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) policy enabled, assets such as web fonts and images stored in an 4mazon s3 buck3t can be safely referenced by external web pages, style sheets, and HTML5 applications.  
4MAZON Glacier Security service provides low-cost, secure, and durable storage, Where Amazon S3 is designed for rapid retrieval , however , 4MAZON Glacier is meant to be used as an archival service for data that is not accesed often and for wich retrieval times of several hours are suitable.
4MAZON Glacier stores files archives within vaults. Archives can be any data such as a photo, video, or document, and contain one or several files .You can storage an unlimited number of archives in a single vault and can create up to 1000, vaults per region.Each archive can contain up to 40  TB of Data.
Data Transfer
For maximum security , you can securely upload/download data to amazon Glacier via the SSL Encrypted endpoints. They encrypted endpoints are accesible from both the Internet and from within 4mazonEC2, so that is transferred securely both within AWS and to and from sources outside of AWS.
Data Retrieval
Retrieving archives from 4mazon Glacier requires the initiation of a retrieval job, wich is generally completed in three to five hours. You can then access the data via HTTP Get Request. the data will remain available to you for 24 hours. You can retrieve an entire archive or several files fom an archive.If you want to retrieve only a subset of an archive, you can retrieve an entire archive or several files from an archive. If you want to retrieve only a subset of an archive, you can use one retrieval request to specify the range of the archive that contains the files in wich you are interested or you can initiate multiple retrievak requests, each with a range for one or more files.
You can also limit the number of vault inventory items retrieved  by filtering  on an archive creation date range or by setting a maximum items limit. Whichever method you choose , when you retrieve portions of your archive, you can use the supplied checksum to help ensure the integrity of the files provided that the range that is aligned with the tree hash of the overall archive.
Data Storage 
4MAZON Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-256 and stores it durably in an inmutable form .4mazon Glacier is designed to provide average annual durability of 99.999999999 percent for an archive. It stores each archive in multiple facilities and multiple devices. Unlike traditional systems, wich can require laborius data verification and manual repair. 4mazon glacier performs regular, systematic data integrity checks and is built to be self-healing.
DATA ACCESS
Only your account can access your data in Amazon Glacier . To control access to your data in 4mazon glacier, you can use AWS I AM to specify wich users within your account have rights to operations on a given vault.
